Commit: dd048cc8106617d8a4488db6eddf8e7966fab5eb
checkResultStartingSixes run took an average of 15 nanos
evaluatePosStartingSixes run took an average of 32 nanos
generateMovesStartingSixes run took an average of 774 nanos
copyAndPlayStartingSixes run took an average of 13 nanos
checkResultTinueSixes run took an average of 81 nanos
evaluatePosTinueSixes run took an average of 214 nanos
generateMovesTinueSixes run took an average of 1863 nanos
copyAndPlayTinueSixes run took an average of 13 nanos
checkResultRoadSixes run took an average of 91 nanos
evaluatePosRoadSixes run took an average of 89 nanos

Commit: 5799a56987b964e6de2d7a4b2faae3e291ea2cd3
checkResultStartingSixes run took an average of 14 nanos
evaluatePosStartingSixes run took an average of 75 nanos
hashStartingSixes run took an average of 72 nanos
generateMovesStartingSixes run took an average of 121 nanos
copyAndPlayStartingSixes run took an average of 14 nanos
checkResultTinueSixes run took an average of 83 nanos
evaluatePosTinueSixes run took an average of 424 nanos
hashTinueSixes run took an average of 69 nanos
generateMovesTinueSixes run took an average of 1572 nanos
copyAndPlayTinueSixes run took an average of 14 nanos
checkResultRoadSixes run took an average of 88 nanos
evaluatePosRoadSixes run took an average of 88 nanos
hashRoadSixes run took an average of 72 nanos
Checking four opening moves of a 6s game took 300918 mics
Searching to depth 5 from open of a 6s game took 141717 mics
Finding win at depth 5 took 1970053 mics
Perft 3 of all moves of a stacky sevens game took 12100048 mics